Python Interview Questions for Data Science
Is Python an object-oriented language? What is object-oriented programming? 
What is a Python module? How is it different from libraries?
What is PEP8?
Name mutable and immutable objects.
What are compound data types and data structures?
What is the difference between a list and a tuple?  
What are list and dictionary comprehension? Give an example of each.
What is tuple unpacking? Why is it important?
What are generators and decorators?
What is the difference between %,  / and // ?
What is the difference between is and ‘==’ ?
What is the difference between indexing and slicing?
What is the lambda function?
Explain zip() and enumerate() function.
How do map, reduce and filter functions work?
What is the difference between del(), clear(), remove(),  and pop()?
What is the difference between range, xrange and arange?
What is the difference between pass, continue and break?
What is Regex? List some of the important Regex functions.
What are namespaces in Python?
What is the difference between global and local variables?
What is a default value?
What does *args, **kwargs mean? When are these used?
What is the difference between print and return?
What is the use of the With statement?
What is the difference between conditionals and control flows?
How is exception handling achieved in Python?
What is for loop and how is it different from while loop?
What is class and object?
What is docstring?

Pandas and Visualization
What is the difference between series and vectors?
What is the difference between data frames and matrices?
What is the difference between lists and arrays?
What is the difference between .iloc and .loc?
What is the difference between merge, join and concatenate?
What is the apply() function?
When do we use pivot_table and when do we use crosstab?
How do you use groupby?
What are ways to reshape a pandas dataframe? 
What is the difference between duplicated and drop_duplicates?
Which all Python libraries have you used for visualization? 
List some of the categorical, distribution plots.
What is a scatter plot?
What is the difference between regplot(), lmplot() and residplot()?
What is a heatmap?
What is the difference between stripplot() and swarmplot()?
What is the purpose of density plot or  kde plot? Where are these used?
How is violinplot() different from boxplot()?
What is FacetGrid?
What is a Pairplot?

